index.md, before:

---
layout: col-sidebar
title: OWASP Appsec Pipeline
tags: appsec-pipeline
level: 0
type: documentation

---
# AppSec Pipeline Project

![OWASP_Project_Header.jpg](OWASP_Project_Header.jpg "OWASP_Project_Header.jpg")

The OWASP AppSec Rugged DevOps Pipeline Project is the place to find the information you need to increase the
speed and automation of your AppSec program. Using the sample implementation, documentation and references of
this project will allow you to setup your own AppSec Pipeline.

## Description

The AppSec pipeline project is a place to gather together information, techniques and tools to create your own
AppSec Pipeline. AppSec Pipelines takes the principles of DevOps and Lean and applies that to an application
security program. The project will gather references, code, and specific guidance for tools/software which
would compose an AppSec Pipeline.

## Licensing

The OWASP AppSec Pipeline Project documentation is licensed under the [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 license](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/")
so you can copy, distribute and transmit the work, and you can adapt it, and use it commercially, but all
provided that you attribute the work and if you alter, transform, or build upon this work, you may distribute
the resulting work only under the same or similar license to this one.

## What is the OWASP AppSec Pipeline Project

The AppSec Pipeline project is a place to gather together information, techniques and tools to create your own AppSec Pipeline.

## Related Projects

* [OWASP_Web_Testing_Environment_Project](OWASP_Web_Testing_Environment_Project)

## News and Events

* [AppSecPipeline Specification Diagram](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/appsecpipeline/AppSecPipeline-Specification/master/reference/diagrams/pipeline-static.png)

## In Print

* [Building an AppSec Pipeline](http://www.slideshare.net/weaveraaaron/building-an-appsec-pipeline-keeping-your-program-and-your-life-sane)
* [Taking DevOps practices into your AppSec Life](http://www.slideshare.net/mtesauro/mtesauro-keynote-appseceu)

## Acknowledgements

### Contributors

Besides the project leaders, contributions have been made by:

*

## Getting Involved

Involvement in the DevOps AppSec Pipeline is actively encouraged!

You do not have to be a security expert in order to contribute.

If you are interested in participating or having your product included in the
review? Contact [Aaron Weaver](mailto:aaron.weaver2@gmail.com)

Some of the ways you can help:

### Case Studies

Share your AppSec Pipeline! We would like to gather case studies on how
organizations are addressing AppSec at scale. Please email the project
leaders to have your case study added.

### Tools

Is there a tool that is missing from our AppSec tooling review? Has your
organization integrated or created a tool that integrates into the
AppSec pipeline? Click on the 'Pipeline Tool's to contribute your
review/tool.

### Feedback

Please use our mailing list for feedback:

* What do like?
* What don't you like?

[Category:OWASP Project](Category:OWASP_Project "wikilink")
[Category:OWASP_Builders](Category:OWASP_Builders "wikilink")
[Category:OWASP_Defenders](Category:OWASP_Defenders "wikilink")
[Category:OWASP_Document](Category:OWASP_Document "wikilink")
[AppSecPipeline](Category:Projects "wikilink")
[AppSecPipeline](Category:Incubator_Projects "wikilink")
[AppSecPipeline](Category:OWASP_AppSec_Pipeline "wikilink")

Commit message:

Added a pitch to the front matter

index.md, after:

---
layout: col-sidebar
title: OWASP Appsec Pipeline
tags: appsec-pipeline
level: 0
type: documentation
pitch: The AppSec Pipeline is a resource for AppSec teams to learn the best methods of adding automation and continual testing to an AppSec / Product Security / DevSecOps program.
---
# AppSec Pipeline Project

![OWASP_Project_Header.jpg](OWASP_Project_Header.jpg "OWASP_Project_Header.jpg")

The OWASP AppSec Rugged DevOps Pipeline Project is the place to find the information you need to increase the
speed and automation of your AppSec program. Using the sample implementation, documentation and references of
this project will allow you to setup your own AppSec Pipeline.

## Description

The AppSec pipeline project is a place to gather together information, techniques and tools to create your own
AppSec Pipeline. AppSec Pipelines takes the principles of DevOps and Lean and applies that to an application
security program. The project will gather references, code, and specific guidance for tools/software which
would compose an AppSec Pipeline.

## Licensing

The OWASP AppSec Pipeline Project documentation is licensed under the [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 license](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/")
so you can copy, distribute and transmit the work, and you can adapt it, and use it commercially, but all
provided that you attribute the work and if you alter, transform, or build upon this work, you may distribute
the resulting work only under the same or similar license to this one.

## What is the OWASP AppSec Pipeline Project

The AppSec Pipeline project is a place to gather together information, techniques and tools to create your own AppSec Pipeline.

## Related Projects

* [OWASP_Web_Testing_Environment_Project](OWASP_Web_Testing_Environment_Project)

## News and Events

* [AppSecPipeline Specification Diagram](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/appsecpipeline/AppSecPipeline-Specification/master/reference/diagrams/pipeline-static.png)

## In Print

* [Building an AppSec Pipeline](http://www.slideshare.net/weaveraaaron/building-an-appsec-pipeline-keeping-your-program-and-your-life-sane)
* [Taking DevOps practices into your AppSec Life](http://www.slideshare.net/mtesauro/mtesauro-keynote-appseceu)

## Acknowledgements

### Contributors

Besides the project leaders, contributions have been made by:

*

## Getting Involved

Involvement in the DevOps AppSec Pipeline is actively encouraged!

You do not have to be a security expert in order to contribute.

If you are interested in participating or having your product included in the
review? Contact [Aaron Weaver](mailto:aaron.weaver2@gmail.com)

Some of the ways you can help:

### Case Studies

Share your AppSec Pipeline! We would like to gather case studies on how
organizations are addressing AppSec at scale. Please email the project
leaders to have your case study added.

### Tools

Is there a tool that is missing from our AppSec tooling review? Has your
organization integrated or created a tool that integrates into the
AppSec pipeline? Click on the 'Pipeline Tool's to contribute your
review/tool.

### Feedback

Please use our mailing list for feedback:

* What do like?
* What don't you like?

[Category:OWASP Project](Category:OWASP_Project "wikilink")
[Category:OWASP_Builders](Category:OWASP_Builders "wikilink")
[Category:OWASP_Defenders](Category:OWASP_Defenders "wikilink")
[Category:OWASP_Document](Category:OWASP_Document "wikilink")
[AppSecPipeline](Category:Projects "wikilink")
[AppSecPipeline](Category:Incubator_Projects "wikilink")
[AppSecPipeline](Category:OWASP_AppSec_Pipeline "wikilink")
